Introduce application hooks (#127)
anbox-cloud/discourse-docs: ref/hooks.md

> Hooks are scripts that trigger actions automatically based on an event performed in the container life cycle. A hook can be any executable file that is placed in the `hooks` directory of an addon or an application folder as long as its name is one of the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Hooks are scripts that automatically trigger actions based on an event performed in the container life cycle. A hook can be any executable file that is placed in the `hooks` directory of an addon or an application folder as long as its name is one of the following:
```

| Name                 | Description                                                                                                          |
|----------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | pre-start            | Executed **before** Android is started. If the hook failed to execute, the container fails to start due to an error. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| pre-start            | Executed **before** Android is started. If the hook fails to execute, the container fails to start due to an error. |
```

> | post-start           | Executed **after** Android is started. If the hook failed to execute, the container aborts with an error.            |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| post-start           | Executed **after** Android is started. If the hook fails to execute, the container stops with an error.            |
```

> | post-stop            | Executed **after** Android is stopped. If the container failed to start, this hook will not be invoked. If the hook failed to execute, the container aborts with an error.  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| post-stop            | Executed **after** Android is stopped. If the container fails to start, this hook will not be invoked. If the hook fails to execute, the container stops with an error.  |
```

| install (deprecated) | DEPRECATED: Use `pre-start` instead. Executed during the application bootstrap when the addon is installed.          |
| prepare (deprecated) | DEPRECATED: Use `post-start` instead. Executed during the application bootstrap when Android is running.             |
| restore (deprecated) | DEPRECATED: Use `pre-start` instead. Executed before Android starts.                                                 |
| backup (deprecated)  | DEPRECATED: Use `post-stop` instead. Executed after Android shuts down.                                              |

> A failed hook will cause the container to abort immediately and end up in an error state. Please [view the container logs](https://anbox-cloud.io/docs/howto/container/logs) to further investigate the causes of failure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A failed hook will cause the container to stop immediately and end up in an error state. In this case, [view the container logs](https://anbox-cloud.io/docs/howto/container/logs) to further investigate the causes of failure.
```

The following figure shows when the different hooks are executed in the life cycle of a container (base container or regular container).

![Hooks execution in the life cycle of a container|471x601](https://assets.ubuntu.com/v1/bc9b1291-addons-reference-hook-order.png)

<a name='env-variables'></a>
## Environment variables

> When addon hooks are invoked, several environment variables are set to provide context to the addon.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When hooks are invoked, several environment variables are set to provide context to the hook.
```

Reviewer: I assume that is also for application hooks?

Author: Yes, that's correct.

Reviewer: This should be changed then, since it now talks about addons only.
